[Music]
ladies and gentlemen this is your
captain speaking
welcome aboard flight 914 please fasten
your seat belts and observe the
no-smoking sign we will take off in five
minutes when we're at our cruising
altitude refreshments will be served to
you our flight will take 37 years I wish
you a pleasant trip what would you do if
you went on a vacation to another city
and suddenly found yourself in another
country altogether I guess more
adventurous types would even enjoy such
a change of plans but most of us would
be confused anyway I bet even the most
reckless of adventurers would at least
raise an eyebrow if told they'd flown
for close to half a century on July 2nd
1955 Pan American flight 914 made its
way from New York to Miami Florida it
was a fine sunny day and fifty-seven
passengers on board the plane we're
looking forward to seeing the warm
beaches and palm trees of Florida the
plane took off without trouble
but three hours later when it should
have already landed at the destination
Airport it was nowhere to be seen
radars of the control tower in Miami
didn't show any approaching aircraft and
no distress signals were received either
when air traffic control contacted the
New York Tower they got a perplexing
reply flight 914 just disappeared from
the radars in midair everything
indicated that the plane was lost apart
from having vanished from the radars air
traffic control couldn't get through to
the pilots with the radio the dc4 simply
vanished into thin air leaving no trace
of itself or any of the people onboard
investigation was started right away the
flight route took the plane over a part
of the Atlantic Ocean and it seemed that
the only explanation of its vanishing
was that it crashed somewhere along the
way rescue teams were deployed the Coast
Guard was scanning the waters but still
no luck not a single piece of the lost
plane was to be found investigators
could only shrug their shoulders in
dismay 61 people passengers plus the
crew
just blinked out of existence along with
a huge flying machine
eventually although the case was never
really solved there was an official
statement that the plane crashed taking
the lives of everyone on board but
despite numerous and understandable
questions from the grieving relatives no
one could say what really happened to
flight 914 until 37 years later at least
change of scenery it's now September 9th
1992 and we're in Caracas Venezuela it's
a perfectly normal day for Juan de la
corte air traffic controller at the
Caracas Airport he turned up at work
made some coffee and took his seat
overlooking flights he was giving some
minor comments on a flight in progress
when something weird happened seemingly
out of nowhere a new dot appeared on the
radar It was as if an aircraft had just
popped up from nothingness or as if it
had been hiding from the radar and now
decided to show up either way it was a
strange thing to see near a civil
airport until a kurta checked the
reading several times thinking at first
that it was a mistake it wasn't though
the readings were correct and soon he
and his colleagues were able to see it
with their own eyes in less than 10
minutes the culprit showed up in the
field of vision at first and looked to
the air-traffic control like an ordinary
airplane but as it got closer they could
see that it was in fact a very old dc4
mcdonald-douglas passenger aircraft
still with propellers instead of modern
turbines such planes were still in use
but they'd grown obsolete and mostly
replaced by more contemporary ones but
that wasn't even the beginning of weird
the real confusion began when the pilot
of the mysterious aircraft contacted the
tower and asked in English
where are we as the one in charge at the
time Juan de la corte replied they were
closing in on the Caracas Airport and
asked where the flight was headed there
was a pause on the other side and then
the pilot answered
we are Pan Am flight 914 headed from New
York to Miami Florida with a crew of
four and fifty-seven passengers on board
this took the air control completely off
guard what was a Pan Am flight doing
1,100 miles away from its point of
destination and how did it even get
there
dela corto was quick to ask a few more
questions to the pilot and what he heard
next baffled him the pilot said his
flight was scheduled to land at the
Miami Airport at 9:55 a.m. on July 2nd
1955 now it was time for the tower to
fall into silence before asking anything
else not to make matters worse air
control cleared the plane for landing
dela Corte didn't know what to make of
the pilots words perhaps he thought he
went insane but that was irrelevant
since there were people on board the
mystery airplane he had to make sure
they landed safely and decided he would
ask questions when they did ground units
were immediately called to assist the
plane in the passengers and it landed
without trouble having relaxed a little
bit Juan finally decided to ask
something that bothered him did you know
today is May 21st 1992 another pause
that ensued told him it was a huge
mistake to say that as the ground crew
approached the airplane the pilots
bewildered voice on the radio said what
are you talking about
when Delacorte I heard that he knew he
would have to order security guards to
go to the plane and escort the
passengers and the crew however as they
were moving towards the aircraft the
pilot did something nobody expected one
heard the flight captains panicking
voice saying no stay away we're leaving
now
and indeed he started the engines again
and without waiting for takeoff Clarence
taxi the plane to the runway whine tried
to stop him over the radio telling him
he was creating a dangerous situation
but the pilot didn't respond he simply
drove to the runway accelerated and took
off for some time the plane could be
seen in the air soon it only appeared as
a dot on the radar and then it vanished
again no words could describe the shock
Wanda la corte and his colleagues at the
air control tower were in they had just
seen an old airplane appearing out of
nowhere
the pilot telling them he was headed to
Miami and before they could do anything
it flew away again only to disappear in
thin air like it had been a collective
hallucination no trace was found of that
plane ever again and to this day no one
can explain what happened that morning
in Caracas smell that smells kind of
fishy right I must say though there's
much dispute about the credibility of
this event back in 1985 a tabloid called
Weekly World News was the first to cover
this story and yes I just said 1985
seven years before the most popular
version appeared later the same
newspaper retold the story twice more
only with other details and with 1992
said as the date of the time-traveling
aircraft appearing in the future the
picture of Juan de la corte the air
traffic controller in Caracas also
differed from the 1985 original so the
story was largely announced fake and it
became sort of an urban legend
however the legend still lives and many
sources retell it in their own way some
even go as far as to say that the
passengers of the plane eventually
returned to their homes and strangely
none of them look a day older than 37
years prior well everyone they knew grew
old at a humanly pace they say doctors
examine the pilot the crew and the
passengers but couldn't find anything
out of the ordinary the people were
healthy now this part doesn't look even
remotely credible though because no
solid piece of evidence can be found
about 61 people returning from a
decade's long flight I mean come on
wouldn't have run out of snacks one
thing that keeps popping up on the
internet and piquing the interest of
paranormal enthusiasts is a small pocket
calendar that somehow was left on the
Caracas Airport runway when the
notorious plane took off the thing about
it is that it's from 1955 and allegedly
remains the only artifact of that weird
encounter there are still people who
claim the calendar is real but once
again there's no actual proof of its
existence oh well who knows maybe it's
just a tall tale an urban legend indeed
or it could be a huge conspiracy to hide
the fact that time travel is possible I
guess we'll never know
wink wink and what do you think was
flight 914 really lost in time for 37
years or is it all just a hoax let me
know down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share with the floor but hey
don't fly away just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life